# Exam : C_TAW12_750

## Title : SAP Certified Development

## Associate - ABAP with SAP

## NetWeaver 7.50

## Vendor : SAP

## Version : V13.75

## IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!



NO.1 What is the root class in the RTTS inheritance tree? Please choose the correct answer.

## A. CL_ABAP_TYPEDESCR

B. CL_ABAP_ELEMDESCR
C. CL_ABAP_DATADESCR
D. CL_ABAP_COMPLEXDESCR
Answer: A



NO.2 Object or class events can trigger any number of handler methods.

## A. True

B. False
Answer: A



NO.3 When do you need to use the GROUP BY clause in the SELECT statement? Please choose the
correct answer.

## 다시보기!!

A. If you want to use aggregate functions and all components in the field list are aggregate functions
B. If you want to use ORDER BY to specify a sub-order
C. If you want to redefine the sequence of the columns in the result set

## D. If you want to use aggregate functions and at least one component in the field list is a column identifier
Answer: D



NO.4 Identify the types of controller. Select all that apply.
A. Consumer controller

## B. View controller

## C. Window controller

## D. Component controller

## E. Custom controller

## F. Configuration controller

Answer: B C D E F



NO.5 ABAP is a programming language that... (Select all that apply.)
A. Processes and formats data.

## B. Interacts with the user.

## C. Controls the business logic.

## D. Separates program code from language text.

E. Executes on all three levels of the three-tier architecture
Answer: A B C D



NO.6 When to use Enhanced Open SQL?
There are 2 correct answers to this question.
A. To view scalar components

## B. To access system fields

## C. Need the query in one piece of code only

D. At the time of Dictionary Views
Answer: B C



NO.7 What is the default length of the type C data type?

## A. 1

B. 10
C. 1-65535
Answer: A



NO.8 What is unique about a singleton? Select all that apply.
A. It must be instantiated using a private instance constructor
B. It must be instantiated using a protected instance constructor
C. It must be instantiated using a static protected constructor

## D. It must be defined as FINAL

E. It must be instantiated using a public instance constructor
F. It cannot be defined as FINAL.

## G. It must be instantiated using a static private constructor

H. It must be instantiated using a static public constructor
Answer: D G
NO.9 You can define search helps and parameter IDs for a data element.
A. False

## B. True

Answer: B



NO.10 Which desktops are part of the newABAP debugger? There are 3 correct answers to this
question.

## A. Objects

B. Session

## C. Desktop 1

D. List

## E. Break./Watchpoints

Answer: A C E



NO.11 What is the allowed length of the ABAP Dictionary data type DF16_DEC?
A. The allowed length is between 0 and 15 digits.
B. The allowed length is between 0 and 16 digits.

## C. The allowed length is between 1 and 15 digits

D. The allowed length is 16 digits.
Answer: C



NO.12 An SAP LUW differs from a database LUW in that it allows for multiple screens to be
processed.
A. True

## B. False

Answer: B



## NO.13 Which of the following tools and programming techniques use the SQL data definition

language? There are 2 correct answers to this question.
A. Core data service (CDS) access control
B. Open SQL
C. ABAP Dictionary
D. Core data services (CDS) data definition
Answer: A B



NO.14 Enhancement definitions and implementations can be displayed in the Enhancement
Information System.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A



## NO.15 At most, how many buttons can the application toolbar have on the screen?

A. 20
B. None of the above

C. 35

D. 10

E. 30
Answer: C



## NO.16 The new bottlenecks avoided by addressing two challenges, what are they? There are 2

correct answers to this question.
A. Avoid single network
B. Avoid CPU cache misses
C. Avoid idling CPU cores
D. Avoid optimizing data
Answer: B C



NO.17 Which of the following statements are correct? Select all that apply.
A. The SELECT-OPTIONS statement creates an internal table with a header line. The internal table
is also known as the selection table.
B. You can only specify default values for the LOW and HIGH fields of the SELECT-OPTIONS input field.
C. The structure of the selection table created with SELECT-OPTIONS has four components: SIGN, OPTION, LOW, and HIGH
D. You can use the addition NO-DISPLAY to hide the input field on the selection screen
Answer: A C D 



## NO.18 Which of the following statements are true? Select all that apply. (S. 470) {2 Richtig}

## 다시보기!!

A. Static attributes are declared with the CLASS-DATA statement.
B. A static attribute is the same across all instances of the class. There is only one static attribute across all instances of the class.
C. Static attributes cannot be changed by an object.
D. Static attributes can be declared only in the private visibility section of the class
Answer: A B



## NO.19 Which of the following statements are correct? Select all that apply (S. 470) {4 Richtig}

A. You can call private methods within the public methods without reference to the object or class.
B. None of the above
C. Static methods can be defined in both the public and private visibility section of the class.
D. Class methods assigned to the public visibility section can be accessed outside the class using the
static component selector and the class name.
E. Only public methods can be addressed outside the class.
Answer: A C D E



NO.20 Update tasks are the only way to make changes to the database
A. False
B. True
Answer: A



## NO.21 What is the allowed length of the ABAP Dictionary data type DF34_RAW?

A. The allowed length is between 1 and 34 digits.
B. The allowed length is 34 digits.
C. The allowed length is between 1 and 31 digits
D. The allowed length is between 0 and 33 digits.
Answer: B



## NO.22 You can call a module for the FIELD statement to validate user entry on the input field. You can validate the entry on the input field and send an error or a warning message from an ABAP dialog module.

A. False
B. True
Answer: B

****

INPUT FIELD 의 검사를 위해 FIELD 구문에 MODULE 을 호출할 수 있으며  INPUT FIELD 의 값을 체크하고 ABAP DIALOG MODULE 로 부터 ERROR 나 WARNING MESSAGE 를 받을 수 있다.

FIELD 절에 대한 기억이 모호하여 틀렸다.

****



## NO.23 What are the main points of SAP HANA High Availability Per Datacenter that are available even in the event of a disaster?

There are 2 correct answers to this question
A. Shared file systems for only one server
B. High availability configuration
C. Services-Name and index server on all nodes
D. Active clusters for all servers
Answer: B C



## NO.24 What is a plug? Select all that apply.

A. Can be assigned to multiple views
B. outbound, or both
C. Can be defined as default inbound
D. Can be defined as outbound controlling multiple inbound plugs
E. Can be defined as an exit
F. Forms the basis of navigation within a Web Dynpro
G. Can be defined as inbound and be controlled by multiple outbound plugs
H. Can be defined as a startup
Answer: E F G H



## NO.25 What is the maximum number of watchpoints that can exist at one time?

A. No limit
B. 8
C. 10
D. 16
Answer: C

****

CLASSIC DEBUGGER 에서는 10개 가 최대이며

NEW DEBUGGER 에서는 무한

****



NO.26 Which of the following statements are true? Select all that apply.
A. A conversion routine can be assigned to a domain.
B. A conversion routine can be assigned to a data element.
C. You define the value range in the data element.
D. You can enter documentation for the data element in the ABAP Dictionary.
Answer: A D



NO.27 What can be exposed in the component interface of a Web Dynpro component? Please
choose the correct answer.
A. Custom methods of the component controller
B. Standard hook methods of the component controller
C. Custom methods of the component controller
D. Public attributes of WINDOW controllers
Answer: C



NO.28 Which of the following are valid control level changes within a loop over an internal table?
There are 2 correct answers to this question.
A. LAST
B. SUM
C. END of <f>
D. COLLECT
Answer: A, C



NO.29 Which type of view uses an inner join in a search help?
A. Database view
B. Help view
C. Maintenance view
Answer: C



NO.31 Your program performs a data base update by calling function modules in an update task.
Which ABAP statements can be used in the program to discard all update requests for the current SAP logical unit of work (LUW)?
A. MESSAGE TYPE A
B. MESSAGE TYPE W
C. MESSAGE TYPE
D. ROLLBACK WORK
E. MESSAGE TYPE E
Answer: A C D



NO.32 In addition to the primary key of an internal table, how many secondary indexes can you define for an internal table? Please choose the correct answer.
A. 0
B. 1
C. 15
D. 10
Answer: C



NO.33 With what can you simulate multiple inheritance?
A. INTERFACES
B. REDEFINITION
C. INHERITING FROM
Answer: A
NO.34 You have written a program to output data using the ALV grid control. Which sequence of
steps should be executed at runtime? Please choose the correct answer.
A. 1. Create a grid object

2. Create a container object
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
7
3. Pass data to the grid object
B. 1. Create a container object
2. Create a grid object
3. Pass data to the grid object
C. 1. Create a grid object
2. Pass data to the grid object
3. Create a container object
D. 1. Pass data to the grid object
2. Create a container object
3. Create a grid object
Answer: B
NO.35 Explain Transitioning ABAP Code to SAP HANA - Performance Considerations? There are 3
correct answers to this question.
A. Some codes immediately run faster
B. Classical performances recommendations for open SQL remain valid
C. Some codes transferred to other systems
D. Some codes impacted positively and should be priorities
E. Some shifts in priorities, examples, nested selects(higher) indices(lower)
Answer: A B E
NO.36 The Repository Browser is started by default when you execute Transaction SE80 for the
Object Navigator
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.37 When you define local classes in ABAP, which syntactical sequence must you follow?
A. PUBLIC SECTION, PROTECTED SECTION, PRIVATE SECTION
B. The order doesn't matter
C. The order is handled automatically.
D. PRIVATE SECTION, PROTECTED SECTION, PUBLIC SECTION
Answer: A
NO.38 Which of the following is a true statement? Select all that apply.
A. An access key is required to enhance an SAP application using a user exit.
B. An access key is required to implement an implicit enhancement point.
C. An access key is required to modify SAP repository objects.
D. An access key is required to implement business add-ins.
Answer: A C
NO.39 Which types of programs or parts of programs can be tested directly from the ABAP
Workbench or ABAP Editor? Select all that apply
A. INTERFACE-POOL
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
8
B. TYPE-POOL
C. PROGRAM
D. METHOD
E. INCLUDE
F. FUNCTION-POOL
G. FUNCTION MODULE
H. CLASS-POOL
I. REPORT
Answer: D G H I
NO.40 To generate the function modules for a lock object for a custom table (ENQUEUEJlock_object]
and DEQUEUEJIock_object]), which tool would you use?
A. Function Builder (Transaction SE37)
B. General Table Maintenance Dialog (Transaction SE54)
C. ABAP Dictionary (Transaction SE11)
D. Text Elements (Transaction SE32)
E. Reuse Library (Transaction SE83)
Answer: C
NO.41 Which class is used to define a reference for an instance of the ALV Object Model?
A. Class CL_GUI_ALV_GRID
B. Class CL_GUI_CUSTOM_CONTAINER
C. Class CL_SALV_TABLE
Answer: C
NO.42 Which of the following statements are true? Select all that apply.
A. maintenance view is implemented as an outer join.
B. A database view is implemented as an outer join.
C. database view is implemented as an inner join.
D. A maintenance view is implemented as an inner join.
Answer: A C
NO.43 Function modules provide which types of parameters? Select all that apply.
A. Return values
B. Output
C. Exceptions
D. Input
E. Input/output (changing)
Answer: B C D E
NO.44 Code within an explicit enhancement point can be enhanced but cannot be replaced.
A. True
B. False
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
9
Answer: A
NO.45 Each ABAP program starts with an introductory statement. Which statements are correct?
Select all that apply.
A. The introductory statement must be the first statement in the program.
B. The introductory statement must be the first line in the program
C. The introductory statement can be modified.
D. The introductory statement must never be modified.
Answer: B C
NO.46 The addition NO-EXTENSION for SELECT-OPTIONS will allow only one line in the selection
table.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.47 Which actions release a database lock? Select all that apply.
A. The display of an SAP screen
B. ROLLBACK WORK
C. ENQUEUE_<lock_object>
D. An/n in the command field
E. COMMIT WORK
F. The display of a dialog message type E
G. A Submit
H. A CALL TRANSACTION
I. A SUBMIT (Sepeperat)
J. A call to a function module
K. The display of a dialog message type A
Answer: A B D E F G H K
NO.48 Repository objects are client-specific.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.49 What character is used as a symbol for the operand type in an expression?
A. None of the above
B. @
C. #
D. ~
Answer: C
NO.50 Which message types behave the same regardless of the context in which they are called?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
10
Select all that apply
A. S
B. I
C. W
D. A
E. X
F. E
Answer: D E
NO.51 Public methods can access the private attributes of the same class.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.52 If a user has an object locked in a task within a request (transport), then no one else can
change it until the task and request are released.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.53 The valid value for a decimal floating point number of type decfloat16 is a number between
1E385 and
-1E-383 for a negative number, 0, and 1E-383 to 1E385 for a positive number.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.54 In an ABAP program, you to assign an initial value to an elementary data object when you
define it. Which addition must you use?
A. VALUE
B. DEFAULT
C. READ-ONLY
D. OBLIGATORY
Answer: A
NO.55 The Repository Information System is a useful tool to search for customer exits/function exits
and BAdls in the SAP system.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.56 Which of the following are performance recommendations when using SAP HANA? There are
2 correct answers to this question.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
11
A. Define indexes on the columns that are used in calculations.
B. Avoid transferring large result sets between database and client applications.
C. Filter data in lower layers.
D. Move data-intensive calculations from the database to an application server.
Answer: B C
NO.57 Which of the following statements about the Object Navigator are true? Select all that apply.
(S 105.) {4 Richtig}
A. Screens can be displayed and edited in the Object Navigator.
B. You can create BAdl implementations in the Object Navigator.
C. ABAP programs can be displayed and edited in the Object Navigator.
D. Menus can be displayed and edited in the Object Navigator.
E. The ABAP Dictionary can be maintained in the Object Navigator
F. You can create customer projects (Transaction CMOD) in the Object Navigator.
Answer: A C D E
NO.58 An internal table can be defined using the DATA statement.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.59 What is the correct order for using a lock object?
A. Read the data, set the lock, change the data, release the lock
B. Set the lock, read the data, change the data, release the lock
C. Set the lock, read the data, release the lock, change the data
Answer: B
NO.60 The FIELD statement with the ON INPUT addition is used to conditionally call the ABAP dialog
module. The ABAP dialog module is called if the value of the screen field is other than the initial
value. (S. 411) {1 Richtig}
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.61 Which of the following statements are true? Select all that apply. (S.596) {3 Richtig}
A. Implicit enhancement options allow you to enhance interface parameters for function modules
and methods without modifying the repository object.
B. An implicit enhancement point can be used to insert code in an SAP program and is always
available to the customer.
C. None of the above.
D. Implicit enhancement can be used to enhance SAP objects developed prior to SAP NetWeaver 7.0.
Answer: A B D
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
12
NO.62 What do you need to have in your program to respond to the DOUBLE_CLICK event raised by
an instance of the CL_GUI_ALV_GRID class?
There are 3 correct answers to this question.
A. A SET HANDLER statement to register the handler to the event
B. A handler class
C. A CATCH statement to capture the event
D. A method to read the registration table
E. A handler method for the event
Answer: A B E
NO.63 Which of the following standard types is numeric? Select all that apply.
A. P
B. I
C. Decfloat32
D. F
Answer: A B D
NO.64 How many kinds of internal tables are supported in the ABAP language?
A. 2
B. 1
C. 3
Answer: C
NO.65 The Object Navigator incorporates a total of 11 browsers.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.66 What is the difference between SAP Basis and SAP NetWeaver? Please choose the correct
answer.
A. All versions of SAP NetWeaver require the use of UTF-8
B. All versions of SAP NetWeaver include the ability to handle HTTP requests
C. There is no difference; the name change was driven by marketing alone
D. All versions of SAP NetWeaver require the use of Unicode
Answer: B
NO.67 What are the two layers of ABAP system interacts with its database? There are 2 correct
answers to this question.
A. The Client database interface
B. The Database specific library
C. The Data Storage interface
D. The Database independent interface
Answer: B D
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
13
NO.68 You can create projection views for pooled or cluster tables
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.69 Your ABAP program contains an Open SQL join of two clientdependent tables. You want to
replace this with a native SQL SELECT statement.
Which of the following changes to the SELECT statement can you use to retrieve the same data as
before?
There are 2 correct answers to this question.
A. Include the client field in the WHERE condition.
B. Include the client field in the join condition.
C. Use the CLIENT SPECIFIED addition.
D. Include the client field in the field list.
Answer: A B
NO.70 What is the Web Dynpro programming model is based on?
A. Classic Dynpro programming
B. Model View Controller (MVC)
C. Business Server Pages (BSPs)
D. Internet Transaction Server (ITS)
Answer: B
NO.71 Is it possible to have multiple active implementations of business add-ins at a time? Select all
that apply
A. It can have multiple active implementations if the Multiple use checkbox is '-' selected.
B. It cannot have a multiple active implementation.
C. It can have multiple implementations if the Filter-Depend, checkbox is '-' selected.
Answer: A C
NO.72 You want to include an element of type 'Table' in your web dynpro. What actions add the
corresponding columns to the table automatically?
A. Bind the table attribute 'DATA_SOURCE' to the context node.
B. Include the method BIND_TABLE of IF_WD_CONTEXT_NODE.
C. Right click the table and select the 'CREATE_BINDING' option.
D. Generate a 'BIND_TABLE' method using the web dynpro method wizard.
Answer: B
NO.73 An internal table can have at most 15 secondary keys.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
14
NO.74 The READ statement with the addition BINARY SEARCH for a sorted internal table is better for
performance.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.75 Which of the following is a true statement? Select all that apply.
A. A standard table should always have a unique key.
B. A sorted table can have a unique or a non-unique key.
C. A hashed table should always have a unique table key.
Answer: B C
NO.76 The READ-ONLY attribute cannot be addressed outside the class.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.77 The order of fields for a transparent table in the database...
A. Is created in the order of the ABAP Dictionary
B. Needs to match the ABAP Dictionary.
C. Is allowed to be different than the ABAP Dictionary.
Answer: C
NO.78 How do you create lock objects and lock modules for use in ABAP programs that access the
database? Please choose the correct answer.
A. Use the ABAP dictionary to create the lock objects. Use the function builder to create the lock
modules
B. Use the Function Builder to create the lock modules and the lock objects
C. Use the Function Builder to create the lock modules. The lock objects are created in the program
logic
D. Use the ABAP Dictionary to create the lock objects. The lock modules are created automatically
Answer: D
NO.79 Subclasses inherit all the components of the parent class.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.80 When does the lifetime of a component controller begin and end? (S. 530) {1 Richtig}
A. It begins with the Web Dynpro component and ends with the Web Dynpro application that called
it
B. It lasts from creating data within the controller to cover the whole period' during which the
component is in use.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
15
C. It begins the first time the Web Dynpro application is called at runtime and ends when the Web
Dynpro application that called and instantiated the component ends.
Answer: B
NO.81 (F1) help on the screen field displays the data element documentation
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.82 Each button on a Dynpro (screen) requires the assignment of a function code. This function
code...
A. Can be used to identify when the button is clicked by looking for the function code in the screen's
OK_CODE *-I field.
B. Is used to define global variables that receive a value when the button is '-' clicked.
C. Prevents the function code from be assigned to a menu item.
Answer: A
NO.83 One of the prerequisites for the replacement object is that the structure type defined for the
CDS view should match the structure of the database table
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.84 Which is not a Golden Rule for Open SQL? Please choose the correct answer.
A. Minimize the Amount of Data Transferred
B. Keep the result set large
C. Reduce the Database Load
D. Minimize the Number of Database Accesses
Answer: B
NO.85 Only one text table can be linked to a table.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.86 Name some perspectives that are available in the SAP HANA Studio? There are 3 correct
answers to this question
A. The technology & innovation perspective
B. The Information perspective
C. The Resources perspective
D. The SAP HANA Modeler perspective
E. The Administration Console perspective
Answer: C D E
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
16
NO.87 Where are fixed values for fields stored?
A. Field
B. Structure
C. Table \/ Q Domain
D. Data element
Answer: D
NO.88 How would you find out if an application program offers a program exit? Select all that apply.
A. Look for a customer exit in the SAP reference IMG within an application ^ Uarea
B. Use the Application Hierarchy
C. Search for the character string CUSTOMER-FUNCTION
D. Use the Repository Information System
Answer: A B C D
NO.89 A work process...
A. Becomes inactive while waiting for a user
B. Stays linked to a screen through the dispatcher
C. Uses a common memory area called shared memory
Answer: C
NO.90 Customer exits provide program exit, screen exit, and menu exit enhancements.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.91 You should always buffer database tables that contain fewer than 100 records.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.92 The valid value for a decimal floating point number of type decfloat34 is a number between
1E6145 and
-1E-6143for a negative number, 0, and +1E-6143 to 1E6145.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.93 Subclasses can access the private components of the parent class.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.94 How to create a core data services view? There are 3 correct answers to this question.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
17
A. Use data services tools for updates
B. Use DDL statement DEFINE VIEW and SQL-like syntax to define the view
C. Use additional annotations - marked with the @ sign
D. Use SQL capabilities for Netweaver
E. Use the ABAP Development Tools for SAP NetWeaver.
Answer: B C E
NO.95 What is the ALV Object Model? Please choose the correct answer.
A. A group of hierarchal classes that describe the ALV Grid as a whole but do not inherit from a single
class
B. A group of classes that apply Grid as a whole and inherit from a multiple class
C. A group of classes that describe the ALV Grid as a whole and inherit from a single class
D. A group of classes that describe the BDC Grid as a whole and inherit from a single class
Answer: A
NO.96 What is the result of the following arithmetic operation?
DATA: int TYPE I int = 5 /10 {1 Richtig}
A. 0
B. 5
C. 1
Answer: C
NO.97 Each work process is assigned a type of task that can be performed. Which statements
related to this are true?
Select all that apply.
A. All work processes communicate with the dispatcher.
B. All work processes communicate with the database.
C. A work process can communicate directly with an external system through '-' a Remote Function
Call
D. It is possible to have multiple enqueue work processes on an SAP NetWeaver Application Server.
E. It is possible to have multiple spool work processes on an ABAP application '-' server
F. All work processes have the same structure.
G. To switch a work process type requires a restart of the SAP NetWeaver AS for *-I ABAR
Answer: A D E F
NO.98 Which selection screen elements allow user input in ABAP Reports? There are 2 correct
answers to this question
A. SELECTION-SCREEN COMMENT
B. SELECT-OPTIONS
C. PARAMETERS
D. SELECTION-SCREEN BLOCK
Answer: B C
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
18
NO.99 Which of the following are true statements? Select all that apply
A. Table fields can be assigned to a data element.
B. A reference table and field are required for fields with the data types QUAN *-I and CURR
C. Search helps can be defined for a table field that is assigned to a predefined '-' data type
D. Table fields can be assigned to an ABAP Dictionary data type directly.
Answer: A B D
NO.100 You define a formal parameter to a subroutine that accepts only internal table of type
standard and type sorted as actual parameters. Which of the following generic ABAP data types must
you use? Please choose the correct answer.
A. Hashed table
B. Index table
C. Sorted table
D. Standard table
Answer: B
NO.101 The system class CL_ABAP_MATH contains constants for maximum and minimum values for
the numeric data type
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.102 Internal tables cannot have a deep or nested structure in their line type
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.103 The source code editor in ADT provides many helpful features. What are these helpful
features? There are 2 correct answers to this question.
A. Creating Method Implementations from the Method Definition
B. Creating Method Definitions from Implementation Parts
C. Creating interface from Method Calls
D. Creating Parts for Interface Methods
Answer: A B
NO.104 Which of the following actions can be performed in the Process After Input (PAI) processing
block? Please choose the correct answer.
A. Set the title bar.
B. Set the GUI status of the screen.
C. Modify screen attributes dynamically.
D. Check the function code.
Answer: D
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
19
NO.105 How many work areas are available in the Debugger?
A. 12
B. 15
C. 7
D. 9
Answer: A
NO.106 A transport company keeps track of this availability in two tables, table VEHICLES and table
TRANSPORT.
To accept a new transport of a certain capacity must be found in table VEHICLES. If a record is found,
a record is created in table TRANSPORT. The capacity is then adjusted in table VEHICLES.\ You have
four function modules at your disposal.
UPD_VEHI_A and UPD_VEHI_B update a matching report in table VEHICLES. If an error occurs both
issue a message of type X. If no error occurs only UPD_VEHI_A issues a message of type X. If no error
occurs UPD_VEHI_A issues a message of type I.
UPD_TRAN_A and UPD_TRAN_B create a single record in table TRANSPORT. If an error occurs both
issues a message of type X. If no error occurs only UPD_TRAN_A issues a message of type I.
Which of the following function module calls ensures a single logical unit of work? Please choose the
correct answer.
A. 1. UPD_TRAN_A
2. UPD_VEHI_B
B. 1. UPD_VEHI_A
2. UPD_TRAN_B
C. 1. UPD_VEHI_A
2. UPD_TRAN_A
D. 1. UPD_TRAN_B
2. UPD VEHI B
Answer: B
NO.107 Code within an explicit enhancement section can be replaced by the customer.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.108 Identify the ways to map context structures. Select all that apply.
A. Dynamic context mapping
B. Direct context mapping
C. External context mapping
Answer: B C
NO.109 Compared to a predefined ABAP type what additional properties can be assigned to a
domain? There are 3 correct answers to this question.
A. Fixed values
B. Search helps
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
20
C. Value tables
D. Conversion exits
E. Parameter IDs
Answer: A C D
NO.110 The USER has the following fields: ID, FIRSTJMAME, LAST_NAME. FIRST_NAME, LAST_NAME
have the same basic type and length. You want to compare fields FIRST_NAME, LAST_NAME to each
other.
Which of the following SELECT statements can you use?
There are 2 correct answers to this question.
Response:
(1/1 Points)
A. SELECT*FROM users INTO TABLE lt_users WHERE first_name = users last_name
B. SELECT*FROM users AS a INTO TABLE lt_users WHERE a.first_name = a.last_name
C. SELECT*FROM users INTO TABLE lt_users WHERE first name = users .last_name.
D. SELECT*FROM users AS a INTO TABLE lt_users WHERE a first_name = last_name.
Answer: B C
NO.111 Which events can exist in all types of programs that actually contain executable statements?
A. AT USER-COMMAND
B. AT PF##
C. INITIALIZATION
D. LOAD-OF-PROGRAM
E. AT LINE-SELECTION
F. START-OF-SELECTION
Answer: D
NO.112 Which statements are true? Select all that apply.
A. The ALV Object Model requires a table refresh after programmatically changing the ALV
B. The ALV Grid can define a sort criteria for initial display.
C. The ALV Object Model uses a reference to the data table for display.
D. The ALV Object Model can define a sort criteria for initial display.
E. The ALV Grid uses a reference to the data table for display.
F. The ALV Grid requires a table refresh after programmatically changing the DALV.
Answer: B C D E F
NO.113 What is variable-length structure called? Please choose the correct answer.
A. Nested structure
B. Nested link structure
C. Flat structure
D. Link structure
Answer: A
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
21
NO.114 The statements CALL BADI and GET BADI are used for which type of BAdls?
A. Classical BAdl
B. None of the above
C. New BAdl
Answer: C
NO.115 Which actions release a database lock (with a default value for _SCOPE)? Select all that
apply.
A. An /n in the command field
B. The display of a dialog message type E
C. ENQUEUE_<lock_object>
D. A call to a function module
E. DEQUEUE_<lock_object>
F. COMMIT WORK
G. A CALL TRANSACTION / A SUBMIT (Sepeperat)
H. The display of an SAP screen
I. The display of a dialog message type A
J. ROLLBACK WORK
Answer: A E F I J
NO.116 In the CALL CUSTOMER-FUNCTION 'nnn' statement, nnn is a three-digit number used in SAP
programs for which of the following types of enhancement?
A. Customer exits
B. User exits
C. Business add-ins
D. New BAdls
Answer: A
NO.117 It is possible to PERFORM <subroutine> ON COMMIT in an update task.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.118 Which steps do you have to perform when defining a view using core data services (CDS)?
There are 3 correct answers to this question.
A. Specify the name of the SQL view in ABAP Dictionary
B. Create a data definition in your ABAP package
C. Use the DDL statement DEFINE VIEW and SQL like Syntax
D. Create a proxy object for the defined view.
E. Define the type mapping between ABAP and SAP HANA
Answer: A B C
NO.119 A selection screen can only be defined in an executable program.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
22
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.120 Which of the following statements regarding search helps are true? Select all that apply.
A. You can use a database view for the search help selection method.
B. You can use transparent tables for the search help selection method.
C. You can use a maintenance view for the search help selection method.
D. Help views can also be used for the selection method for search help.
Answer: A B D
NO.121 When analyzing a program, which tasks can you perform using the code inspector? There
are 3 correct answers to this question.
A. Discover unused variables.
B. Inspect the memory consumption.
C. Determine used database tables.
D. Execute the extended program check.
E. Evaluate the time needed for program execution.
Answer: A C D
NO.122 Which features does the source code editor provide in ABAP Development Tools for SAP
NetWeaver? There are 2 correct answers to this question.
A. Screen editing
B. Quickfix
C. Content assistance
D. Form-based class builder
Answer: B C
NO.123 It is recommended that you place the COMMIT WORK in the update task.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.124 A screen has the following PAI flow logic:
PROCESS AFTER INPUT
FIELD A MODULE check_A
FIELD A MODULE check_B
CHAIN.
FIELD:C,D
MODULE check_CD
ENDCHAIN
FIELD:C,B.
MODULE check_CB
ENDCHAIN
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
23
What happens if the application senda a type E message during the check_CB module processing?
Please choose the correct answer.
Note: Answers of this question are not verified by our experts, please study yourself and select the
appropriate answers.
Response:
(1/1 Points)
A. The screen is displayed again and the PBO flow logic is processed. Only fields B and C are ready for
input.
B. The screen is displayed again without processing the PBO logic flow. Only fields B and C are ready
for input.
C. The screen is NOT displayed again. Processing terminates and the user must restart the ABAP
program.
D. The screen is displayed again without processing the PBO flow logic. All fields are ready for input.
Answer: D
NO.125 You can use a table with a header line for object-oriented programming
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.126 What are the basic principles of ALV SAP HANA? There are 2 correct answers to this
question.
A. Only retrieve the database data which is to be displayed on screen
B. Data described declaratively instead of passing big internal tables
C. The ALV Optimization for SAP HANA to display data on the screen
D. To ensure that the user chooses the data on the selection screen is displayed
Answer: A B
NO.127 Subroutines provide which types of parameters? Select all that apply.
A. Output
B. Return values
C. Exceptions
D. Input
E. Input/output (changing)
Answer: A E
NO.128 Open SQL does not allow you to specify a secondary index during a SELECT.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.129 Using the screen system table, what can you modify through a LOOP AT SCREEN ...
ENDLOOP construct?
Please choose the correct answer.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
24
A. Values of screen elements
B. Attributes of screen elements
C. Function code of buttons
D. Screen status
Answer: B
NO.130 Protected attributes can be accessed by methods of the class and its subclasses.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.131 You are working with ABAP Development Tools (ADT) For Eclipse. Which of the following
options belongs to the settings of a specific ABAP project rather than the entire Eclipse workbench?
Please choose the correct answer.
A. Statement template options
B. Editor shortcut key options
C. Code completion options
D. Code formatting options
Answer: D
NO.132 In a subclass, you want to redefine a method of the super class. Which of the following
conditions must be fulfilled? There are 2 correct answers to this question.
A. The super class method is abstract
B. The subclass method has same visibility as the super class method
C. The subclass method has a lower visibility than the super class method
D. The superclass method is an instance method
Answer: B D
NO.133 The ABAP Messaging Channels (AMC) uses the WebSocket protocol to gain two-way
communication instead of HTTP.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.134 A change request is part of a task.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.135 List down the elements involved in User Management and Security in SAP HANA? There are
3 correct answers to this question
A. Assign security
B. Assign job security
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
25
C. Manage users
D. Create users
E. Work management
Answer: A C D
NO.136 The READ statement with the BINARY SEARCH addition cannot be used for a sorted internal
table.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.137 When included in a structure, which elementary field types allow the structure to be
considered a character-type data object? Select all that apply. (S. 365) {4 Richtig}
A. X
B. C
C. D
D. STRING
E. F
F. XSTRING
G. T
H. I
I. N
Answer: B C G I
NO.138 There can only be one level in the inheritance tree
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.139 Which of the following statements regarding the event AT SELECTION-SCREEN ON HELPREQUEST FOR <FIELD> is correct?
A. None of the above.
B. This event will display self-defined (F1) help for the input field programmed in the event block and
will override any help possibly defined in the ABAP Dictionary for the field.
C. This event will display (F1) help for the input field on the selection screen.
Answer: C
NO.140 Each ABAP program that actually contains executable statements... (Select all that apply.)
A. Assigns every executable statement to a processing block regardless of it ^ '-' being in a processing
block.
B. Only assigns executable statements in a processing block to a processing *-I block
C. Has declarative statements outside of processing blocks that are considered *-I local
D. Uses event blocks to trigger events in ABAP.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
26
E. Has declarative statements inside of processing blocks that are considered *-I local
F. Is divided into processing blocks.
G. Can be tested from the ABAP Workbench by pressing (F8)
Answer: A F
NO.141 What does SAP recommend that you use a hashed table? Please choose the correct answer.
A. When a table must be sorted automatically by key in ascending order
B. When a table must be accessible by both index and key
C. When a table is very large and you want to access the table by index only
D. When a table is very large and you want to access the table by key only
Answer: D
NO.142 Where should the labels for fields be stored?
A. Data element
B. Structure
C. Field
D. Domain
E. Table
Answer: A
NO.143 When starting the Debugger, what circumstance causes the runtime error
DEBUGGING_NOT_POSSIBLE?
A. When the number of debugging sessions on the server exceeds the value '-' defined by the profile
parameter rdisp/wpdbug_max_no
B. Starting a non-exclusive mode in a productive system
C. When more than five sessions are already associated with this login user
Answer: B
NO.144 You use the addition OBLIGATORY to define the input field of a parameter as a required
field.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.145 What is the result of the following arithmetic operation?
DATA: int TYPE I.
int = 5*(3/10).{1 Richtig}
A. 1
B. D2
C. 1.5
D. 0
Answer: D
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
27
NO.146 The static sequence of the default next screen can be established by the value in the screen
attribute Next Screen.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.147 Which tools can you use to provide input data for the SQL performance tuning work list
(Transaction SWLT)?
There are 3 correct answers to this question.
A. Code inspector (transaction SCI)
B. ABAP test cockpit (transaction ATC)
C. Data base performance monitor (transaction DB50)
D. SQL Trace (transaction ST05)
E. SQL monitor (transaction SQLM)
Answer: A B E
NO.148 In a local class, it is possible to declare an instance constructor in all visibility sections of the
class.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.149 You can use the APPEND statement to fill a sorted internal table.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.150 Value help can be supplied from which of the following? Select all that apply.
A. Fixed values
B. Search help for a screen field
C. Search help for table or structure fields
D. Key values of a check table
E. Search help for a check table
F. Search help from a text table
G. Process On Value request
H. Search help for a data element
Answer: A B C D E F G H
NO.151 ABAP data types can be used for a domain definition.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
28
NO.152 The ALV was introduced with ABAP object-oriented capabilities in release 4.5A.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.153 Dynpros can be placed in which program types? Select all that apply.
A. Module pools
B. Function groups
C. Class pools
D. Executables
Answer: A B D
NO.154 Which type of view uses an inner join in a search help? Please choose the correct answer.
A. Maintenance view
B. Help view
C. Database view
D. Candidate key view
Answer: C
NO.155 Both the classic Debugger and the new Debugger can be used on all ABAP code without
restriction.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.156 A development object can be assigned to only one change request.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.157 A structure has enhancement category 3, can be enhanced (character-type). Which set of
elementary types is allowed for the new fields? Please choose the correct answer.
A. F,I,P,X
B. C,D,N,T
C. C,D,N,X
D. D,I,string, T
Answer: B
NO.158 You must call a method to actually display the contents of the display table after you create
an ALV
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
29
NO.159 The software component for a customer package can be...
A. HOME
B. Any SAP software component (i.e., SAP_APPL, SAP_BASIS, SAPJHR, etc.)
Answer: A
NO.160 Which of the following features does the ABAP Test Cockpit offer that the ABAP code
Inspector does NOT Offer? There are 2 correct answers to this question.
A. Documented checks
B. Configuration of check variants
C. Flexible schedule of check runs
D. Enhanced distribution of results
Answer: C D
NO.161 Lock objects are only required when doing dialog programming; SAP's best practice does not
require them when doing background or en masse changes, as there is no COMMIT WORK that will
occur.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.162 What does a view do? Select all that apply.
A. Contains windows
B. Contains other views
C. Contains a view controller
D. Can be contained in a window
E. If entered by an inbound plug, can cause an event handler method to be
Answer: A C D E
NO.163 What is the difference between a value table and a check table?
A. A check table is defined in the domain, whereas a value table is defined in '-' the data element
B. A value table is defined in the domain, whereas a check table is defined in '-' the data element.
C. A value table is a check table after a foreign key is defined
D. No difference; they are the same thing.
E. A value table does not exist
Answer: C
NO.164 Global data types defined in SAP systems are...
A. ABAP Dictionary types.
B. Data defined in the program that is visible to all the routines/statements '-' within the ABAP
program.
C. Date types defined in the program using ABAP Dictionary types.
Answer: A
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
30
NO.165 A data object is concretely defined by means of the data type and occupied memory. It
contains data with which ABAP programs work at runtime.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.166 The constructor method is always defined in the private visibility section of the class.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.167 Which property of the InputField Ul element must be bound to a context attribute? Please
choose the correct answer.
A. enable
B. value
C. state
D. visible
Answer: B
NO.168 Which statement is true?
A. An SAP LUW must be placed within a database LUW.
B. A database LUW must be placed within an SAP LUW.
Answer: A
NO.169 The database always uses the primary key when the WHERE clause contains any of the key
fields.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.170 An internal table is an ABAP program variable.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.171 Where do you create online documentation ((F1) help) for fields on the screen?
A. Table
B. Domain
C. Structure
D. Data element
E. Field
Answer: D
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
31
NO.172 To which ABAP Dictionary definition can you assign fixed values? Please choose the correct
answer.
A. Field of a transparent table
B. Domain
C. Data element
D. Component of a structure
Answer: B
NO.173 You want to select data from two tables and store the result in as structure.
Table PARTNER contains the fields PARTJD and KIND.
Table CONTRACT contains the fields CONTJD, CONT_TYPE and DIVISION.
The structure is defined as follows
DATA: BEGIN OF wa_result,
Part_id type partner-partjd, cont_id type contract-cont_id,
ConMype TYPE contract-cont_type,
END of wa_result,
Lt_result type table of wa_result.
How can you replace the following SELECT statement with an outer join?
SELECT partjd from partner INTO wa_result WHERE kind = 'Residential'.
SELECT contjd from CONTRACT into wa_result-cont_id WHERE part EQ
wa_partner-part_id And DIVISION eq 'Water'.
Append wa_result to lt_result.
ENDSELECT.
If sy-subrc<>0. CLEAR wa_result-cont_id
APPEND wa_result TO lt_result. ENDIF.
ENDSELECT.
Please choose the correct answer.
A. SELECT partjdcontjd from partner AS A LEFT JOIN contract AS b ON a-partjd = b-partjdAND bdivision EQ 'Water' INTO TABLEIt_result WHERE kind = 'Residential'.
B. SELECT partjdcontjd from partner LEFT JOIN contract on partner-partjd = contract-partjd AND
partner-kind EQ 'Residential' INTO CORRESPONDING FIELDS OF TABLE lt_result WHERE division eq
'Water'.
C. SELECT partjdcontjd from partner AS A LEFT JOIN contract AS b ON a-partjd = b-partjd INTO
CORRESPONDING FIELDS OF TABLE lt_result WHERE kind = 'Residential' and AND division EQ 'Water'.
D. SELECT partjdcontjd from partner LEFT JOIN contract on partner-partjd = contract-partjd AND
contract-division EQ 'Water' INTO TABLE It result WHERE kind EQ 'Residential'.
Answer: C
NO.174 Database access can occupy most of the runtime in an ABAP program. Which tools are
available to assist you to diagnose performance issues in your program? Select all that apply}
A. ABAP Objects Runtime Analysis (Transaction ATRA)
B. Performance Trace (Transaction ST05)
C. ABAP Trace (Transaction SAT)
D. ABAP Objects Runtime Analysis (Transaction SE30)
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
32
Answer: A B C D
NO.175 Methods provide which types of parameters? Select all that apply.
A. Output
B. Return values
C. Input
D. Input/output (changing)
E. Exceptions
Answer: A B C D E
NO.176 When must a foreign key have domain equality?
A. For a text table
B. Always
C. For a check field
D. Never
Answer: C
NO.177 The _WAIT parameter of a lock object waits for the lock to be successful.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.178 Discuss the conditions required to ensure the Referential Integrity? There are 2 correct
answers to this question
A. There are three joins in the table
B. Referential integrity holds true in both the directions
C. There are two joins in the able
D. There is at least one join in the other table
Answer: B D
NO.179 What will happen at runtime when accessing a buffered table? Please choose the correct
answer.
A. If table data is read using indexes, the table buffer will not be filled.
B. If data is read from the table buffer, the existing indexes are not used.
C. Following an update to a buffered record, all table buffers in the system will be updated.
D. All SELECT statements will read data from the buffer.
Answer: B
NO.180 You cannot use the LIKE statement to define an attribute in a class.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
33
NO.181 The READ-ONLY addition for the attribute declaration can be used in the private and public
visibility section.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.182 Given the code in the exhibit (see Figure 17.9) and the knowledge that both lcl_truck and
lcl_car inherit from lcl_vehicle, which statements are true? Select all that apply
A. The code will produce a runtime error.
B. The code shows two valid up casts.
C. The table lt_vehicle contains three vehicles.
D. The code is not syntactically correct.
E. The code shows no valid up casts.
F. The code shows three valid up casts.
Answer: A B C
NO.183 If you are using external debugging (debugging of HTTP and RFC requests, which arrive in
your ABAP system), what will the Debugger do?
A. May or may not stop, depending on external factors.
B. Always stop when the external breakpoint is reached.
C. Never stop; external breakpoints operate on users other than your own.
Answer: A
NO.184 The binding between a Ul element and a context attribute is a two-way relationship
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.185 What are functions of the ABAP Managed Database Procedure (AMDP) framework? There
are 2 correct answers to this question.
A. It deletes obsolete versions of the database procedure synchronously.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
34
B. It creates the database procedure when the AMDP is first called.
C. It deletes obsolete versions of the database procedure asynchronously
D. It creates the database procedure when the AMDP is first activated.
Answer: B C
NO.186 Which statements are true about a class that has granted friendship to another class? Select
all that apply.
A. The friend has access to private attributes.
B. The friend has access to public attributes.
C. All classes that inherit from the friend (subclasses) also have the same '-' access.
D. The friend has access to protected attributes.
E. All classes the friend has granted friendship access status to also have the '-' same access.
Answer: A B C D
NO.187 All breakpoints are valid for the entire Debugger session, and all can be changed by the
Debugger
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.188 What is the default selection screen number for the ABAP program?
A. 1100
B. None of the above
C. 1000
D. 100
Answer: C
NO.189 In which circumstances is a table considered to be a text table? Select all that apply
A. The entire key of this data table is included as the key to this table.
B. This table only has one character-based data field.
C. This table has a foreign key to the data table as a text table.
D. This table has an additional language key field.
E. The ABAP runtime system determines that the relationship exists.
Answer: A C D
NO.190 A transparent table can include a deep structure
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.191 Which statements about ABAP are true?
A. ABAP keywords and additions must be in uppercase.
B. Each statement must begin with a keyword
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
35
C. Each statement must end with a period.
Answer: C
NO.192 It is possible to make multiple changes to data objects at the same time in the Debugger
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.193 ABAP Push Channels (APC) can only use the WebSocket protocol.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.194 What all are the factors involved in Working with ADT There are 3 correct answers to this
question.
A. ABAP Class
B. ABAP programs
C. Module interface
D. ABAP interface
E. Workbench programs
Answer: A B D
NO.195 The Debugger displays a maximum of eight data objects at one time.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.196 Local update tasks are quicker because they stay within the same work process.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.197 One of your SAP systems needs to be migrated from its current database to an SAP HANA
database. You want to avoid any functional issues after the migration.
What should you search for and if necessary replace in the existing custom ABAP code? There are 3
correct answers to this question.
A. Direct access to a cluster on the database
B. Left outer joins in open SQL statements
C. ORDER BY Clauses in Open SQL statements
D. Native SQL statements
E. Code that relies on implicit database sorting
Answer: A D E
NO.198 What does a Web Dynpro component contain? Select all that apply.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
36
A. A context
B. Exactly one interface controller
C. Ul elements
D. Multiple views within a window
E. Component controller
Answer: B D E
NO.199 What is the best order to provide an event handler for an ALV?
A. Create the ALV, write the handler, register for the event, display the ALV
B. Write the handler, register for the event, create the ALV, display the ALV
C. Write the handler, create the ALV, display the ALV, register for the event
D. Register for the event, write the handler, create the ALV, display the ALV
E. Write the handler, create the ALV, register for the event, display the ALV
Answer: E
NO.200 You can list a maximum of six browsers in the Object Navigator. (S. 105) {1 Richtig}
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.201 You can call the constructor method directly.
A. . True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.202 Under which circumstances will the classic Debugger start as the Debugger?
A. None; the new Debugger will always start as the Debugger
B. When the number of debugging sessions exceeds half the number of dialog '-' sessions.
C. If you manually switched to the classic Debugger during your last session
D. When you specify the default as the classic Debugger in the settings of the ^ '-' Object Navigator.
E. When five modes already exist for this logon session.
Answer: D E
NO.203 The BINARY SEARCH addition cannot be used with the READ statement for the HASHED
table.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.204 Which statements are true regarding ABAP inheritance? Select all that apply.
A. The static constructor can be overwritten as part of inheritance.
B. You can access the superclass component with the prefix SUPER->.
C. Overloading allows a method to have several definitions with different signatures.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
37
D. Polymorphism requires the developer to specify which method to use with inheritance.
E. The instance constructor can be overwritten as part of inheritance.
F. Static constructors do not need to call the superclass's constructor
G. Instance constructors must call the superclass's constructor.
Answer: B E F G
NO.205 What is the Limitations of ALV for SAP HANA? There are 3 correct answers to this question.
A. Restricted to 10,000 records
B. No unit/ currency split if aggregating amounts/ currency values
C. All unit/ currency restricted to 10,00,00 records
D. Without currency /unit consideration
E. Restricted to 5000 records / unit
Answer: A B D
NO.206 The data is transferred and displayed on the screen after the processing of the PBO.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.207 Beginning with SAP NetWeaver 7.40, if SAP HANA (an in-memory database) is being used as
a database, then table buffering is no longer effective and is therefore not possible.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.208 The class constructor method is called automatically when you access the class for the first
time.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.209 The user interface consists of the GUI status and GUI title.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.210 Private components of the class cannot be addressed directly from outside the class except
when the friendship concept applies
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.211 How do you define an internal table in a private method of a class? There are 3 correct
answers to this question.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
38
A. DATA It_itab TYPE TABLE OF <Dictionary Table > WITH HEADER LINE
B. DATA It_itabTYPE <Table Type>
C. DATA It_itab TYPE <Dictionary Table>
D. DATA It_itab TYPE TABLE OF <Structure Type>
E. DATA It_itab TYPE TABLE OF < Dictionary Table >
Answer: B D E
NO.212 How do you embed a subscreen in a main screen? Please choose the correct answer.
A. Use SET SUBSCREEN in the flow logic of the main screen.
B. Use SET SUBSCREEN in a PBO module of the main screen.
C. Use CALL SUBSCREEN in the flow logic of the main screen.
D. Use CALL SUBSCREEN in a PBO module of the main screen
Answer: C
NO.213 What is the central goal of using SAP HANA? Please choose the correct answer.
A. Positive Impact on Business
B. Monitor database for record keeping
C. To set Priorities for system
D. Accelerate Performance
Answer: D
NO.214 What must you take into consideration when you use the new open SQL syntax (available as
of SAP Net weaver 7.4 SP05)? There are 2 correct answers to this question.
A. All arithmetic expressions can be used for all type of variables.
B. All Keywords are case sensitive.
C. All fields in the GROUP BY clause must be separated by commas.
D. All ABAP variables must be escaped with a proceeding @ sign.
Answer: C D
NO.215 A development object can be assigned to only one package
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.216 AMDP can detect 3 types of syntax errors in active or inactive source code. What are these
errors ? There are
3 correct answers to this question.
A. UNION specific syntax errors
B. Database independent syntax errors
C. SQLScript errors
D. Database platform syntax errors
E. HANA specific syntax errors
Answer: B C E
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
39
NO.217 Which statement cannot use a subquery.
A. None of the above
B. SELECT
C. INSERT
D. DELETE
E. UPDATE
Answer: B D E
NO.218 Which comparison operators can you use in a logical expression related to the WHERE
clause of the SELECT statement? There are 3 correct answers to this question.
A. CO (contains only)
B. GT (greater than)
C. LIKE (fits pattern)
D. EQ (equals)
E. CP (covers pattern)
Answer: B C D
NO.219 Identify the types of layout managers. Select all that apply.
A. reeLayout
B. RowLayout
C. MatrixLayout
D. FlowLayout
E. GridLayout
F. ColumnLayout
Answer: B C D E
NO.220 What is the event block that all of your code changes belongs to if you do not explicitly code
any event blocks in an executable program? Please choose the correct answer.
A. START-OF-SELECTION
B. LOAD-OF-PROGRAM
C. AT SELECTION-SCREEN OUTPUT
D. INITIALIZATION
Answer: A
NO.221 The predefined data types are defined locally in the ABAP program.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.222 What do you need to consider when creating a secondary index on a table? There are 2
correct answers to this question.
A. The index can be created for specific database systems only
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
40
B. The most frequently selected fields should be at the first positions in the index
C. The index must always be unique
D. The table will be updated more quickly if you create more indexes
Answer: B C
NO.223 You can use the logical expression IS SUPPLIED for any formal parameter passed to which
modularization unit? Select all that apply.
A. Instance method
B. Subroutine (FORM routine)
C. Function module
D. Static method
Answer: A C D
NO.224 What does a non-exclusive debugging mode mean? Select all that apply.
A. Debugging is not possible for conversion or field exits
B. Owing to the commit, inconsistent datasets can occur in the database.
C. Debugging is not possible between the statements SELECT and ENDSELECT '-' because the
database cursor needs to be closed using a COMMIT.
D. Someone else is debugging the same source code
E. It may be used anywhere in the landscape.
F. A roll-out is forced in the application after each Debugger view
Answer: A B C F
NO.225 What does Software Layer Aware Debugging allow you to do? Select all that apply.
A. Trace executing cod
B. Debug only a small portion of code
C. Bypass authorization objects
D. Debug a large portion of code
E. Specify as much or as little code to debug
Answer: B D E
NO.226 Explicit enhancement points and sections are defined by the SAP application programmer.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.227 Which modularization units can raise an exception? Select all that apply
A. Methods
B. Subroutines (FORM routines)
C. Function modules
Answer: A B C
NO.228 Which you should specify in a non-Unicode system when opening a file in TEXT MODE?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
41
Select all that apply.
A. The ENCODING addition
B. The byte order
C. The code page
Answer: B C
NO.229 At most, a menu bar can have 10 menus. (S. 411) {1 Richtig}
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.230 ABAP now has predefined functions that behave like functional methods.
A. FALSE
B. TRUE
Answer: B
NO.231 Each work process... (select all that apply.)
A. Can only make database changes within a single database LUW.
B. Is independent of other work processes
C. Uses a pool of database connections established when the SAP NetWeaver AS for ABAP started.
D. Uses a database connection to a work process established when the SAP NetWeaver AS for ABAP
started.
E. Can make database changes spanning multiple database LUWs
Answer: B C D
NO.232 You cannot use a SORT statement for a sorted internal table.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.233 What does the enhancement category for a database table or structure do? Select all that
apply.
A. Specifies the types of changes that can be made to the structure
B. Can produce warnings at incompatible points for the structure
C. Can identify where program behavior may change
D. Makes a table Unicode-compliant
Answer: A B C
NO.234 What are the elements of ABAP Database Integration? There are 3 correct answers to this
question.
A. Client database handling
B. Other DB
C. DB For ABAP
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
42
D. Application server
E. DB client-server
Answer: B C D
NO.235 In which of the following situations could a row store table be more suitable than a column
store table? There are 2 correct answers to this question.
A. The table contains data that you want to aggregate.
B. The table contains mainly distinct values per column across rows.
C. The table contains text that you want to search.
D. The table contains only a small number of records.
Answer: B D
NO.236 Which of the following folder is essential to relate to Smart Data Access and also combines
data from remote sources?
Choose the correct answer
A. Content folder
B. Provisioning folder
C. Security folder
D. Administration folder
Answer: B
NO.237 Which statement will interrupt the processing of the current screen and branch to new
screen?
A. LEAVE TO SCREEN <NNNN>
B. SET SCREEN <NNNN>
C. None of the above
D. CALL SCREEN <NNNN>
Answer: D
NO.238 Internal tables can also be modified after executing the READ statement with the addition
ASSIGNING. (S.
204) {1 Richtig}
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.239 An internal table can have primary keys as well as secondary keys.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.240 If an error or warning message is sent from the ABAP dialog module for the FIELD statement
within the CHAIN and ENDCHAIN statements, then all of the fields within CHAIN and ENDCHAIN are
ready for user input again. (S. 411) {1 Richtig}
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
43
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.241 It is possible to use both buffering and secondary indexes to improve performance of a
search help.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.242 Which code-to-data capability supports- Extended view definitions and Better SQL- 9
2 standard support in open SQL?
Please choose the correct answer.
A. SAP HANA specific features
B. Database for sophisticated analysis
C. New SQL parser used in model
D. Database oriented programming model
Answer: D
NO.243 Local data objects can be defined using ABAP Dictionary types
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.244 How to call the stored procedures in ABAP code?
Please choose the correct answer.
A. Native SQL
B. CDS view
C. Open SQL
D. Only SQL
Answer: A
NO.245 Which of the following ABAP dictionary types can you use to define domains? There are 3
correct answers to this question.
A. NUMC
B. FLOAT
C. DEC
D. DATE
E. CHAR
Answer: A C D
NO.246 The FIELD statement with the ON REQUEST addition calls the ABAP dialog module if any
value is entered in the screen field.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
44
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.247 All Open SQL commands allow processing on multiple rows.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.248 V1 update tasks are always non-restartable, whereas V2 update tasks are always
restartable.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.249 ABAP Unit Test Browser is included in Object Navigator with SAP NetWeaver 7.0 EHP 2.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.250 Which statements are considered obsolete and cannot be used in ABAP Objects? Select all
that apply. (S. 556)
{9 Richtig}
A. DATA - BEGIN OF ... OCCURS
B. RANGES
C. LOOPATdbtab
D. LEAVE
E. GE OF
F. INFOTYPES s/ TABLES
G. SEARCH
H. DATA - 1YPE - OCCURS
Answer: A B C D E F G H
NO.251 Which of the following are true statements? Select all that apply. (S. 342) {3 Richtig}
A. You can also select predefined data types to define the data type of the data element.
B. Field labels are defined for the domain
C. Reference data types can be used to define the data type of the data element.
D. The technical attributes of the data element can be defined by a domain, that is, the data type,
the field length, and the number of decimal places.
Answer: A C D
NO.252 When are referential joins executed in analytical views? Choose the correct answer
A. When fields from both the tables are requested
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
45
B. When fields are optimized
C. When fields are selected
D. When all the tables are optimized
Answer: A
NO.253 Which elementary field types are considered a character type? Select all that apply.
A. N
B. X
C. F
D. C
E. I
F. STRING
G. XSTRING
H. T
I. D
Answer: A D F H
NO.254 Two structures in Unicode programs are only compatible if all alignment gaps are identical
on all platforms.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.255 If data objects of type I are being used to store the result of a calculation, the decimals will
be truncated.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.256 Which of the following regarding search helps is a true statement? Select all that apply.
A. The interface for the search help is defined by the IMP (import) and EXP '-' (export) flags of the
search help parameter
B. The LPos parameter defines the position of the search help parameter in the '-' search hit list.
C. The text table for the selection method is automatically populated if the text table is attached to
the database table being used as the selection method.
D. The SPos parameter defines the position of the input field on the dialog '-' screen.
Answer: A B C D
NO.257 The Debugger is entirely self-contained and requires no external transactions.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
46
NO.258 Setting breakpoints for a method or function module within the Debugger allows the use of
(F4) (value help) to find the correct name.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.259 You use the CREATE OBJECT statement to create both types of ALV.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.260 Which screen in the ABAP Dictionary allows you to log data changes to the table?
A. Delivery and Maintenance tab
B. Attributes tab
C. Utilities * Database Object * Database Utility
D. Technical Settings
E. Utilities * Settings
Answer: D
NO.261 What must you specify in a Unicode system when opening a file in TEXT MODE?
A. The byte order
B. The ENCODING addition
C. The code page
Answer: B
NO.262 For which of the following requirements can you implement a functional method? There are
2 correct answers to this question.
A. A handler method for an event that has a returning parameter
B. A factory method that returns an object reference
C. A method to set an instance attribute with one importing parameter and no other parameters
D. A private static helper method that returns a single value as the result of an algorithm
Answer: B D
NO.263 You cannot use the INSERT statement to insert lines into a standard internal table.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.264 Which of the following is correct?
A. The screen attributes can be modified in the PROCESS BEFORE OUTPUT event block.
B. None of the above
C. The screen attributes can be modified in the PROCESS AFTER INPUT even block.
D. The screen attributes can be modified in the PROCESS BEFORE OUTPUT and PROCESS AFTER
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
47
INPUT event blocks.
Answer: A
NO.265 Which of the following tool is introduced as a holistic quality assurance tool? Choose the
correct answer
A. ABAP Test Cockpit (ATC)
B. DBA Cockpit
C. DBMS Cockpit
D. BW system
Answer: A
NO.266 You can empty the body of the internal table itab with a header line using the CLEAR itab
statement.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.267 Which of the following statements are correct? Select all that apply.
A. An enhancement spot can contain an explicit enhancement point, explicit '-' enhancement section,
and new BAdl.
B. An enhancement spot can contain either an explicit enhancement point and enhancement section
or a new BAdl only, but all three cannot be in the same enhancement spot.
C. An enhancement spot can contain one or more simple or composite '-' enhancements.
D. An enhancement spot can contain an explicit enhancement point and an enhancement section.
Answer: B C D
NO.268 Which of the following is a true statement? Select all that apply
A. A package can be nested.
B. All customer repository objects have to be assigned to a package.
C. Packages use interfaces and visibility to make their elements visible to other packages.
D. The transport layer is a mandatory input field for the package
Answer: A B C
NO.269 Memory requirements are identical in a non-Unicode system and in a Unicode system.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.270 Which of the following is a true statement? Select all that apply.
A. Repository objects and cross-client customization objects are assigned to the workbench request.
B. All transportable objects have to be assigned to a package.
C. Inactive objects can be transported.
D. Local repository objects can be transported
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
48
E. Client-specific customization objects are assigned to the customizing '-' request
Answer: A B E
NO.271 The line type for a table type can contain a flat, nested, or deep structure.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.272 The dispatcher handles all communication between users, work processes, and other
(external) systems.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.273 The ALV is entirely implemented using ABAP Objects.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.274 You can maintain SAPscript forms and SAP Smart Forms within the ABAP Workbench.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.275 You use the ABAP trace (SAT) to measure the run time of a program. In a class, method X
checks the validity of its importing parameters and calls method Y.
What pattern of gross and net run time would you expect to see the in the ABAP trace results for
method X?
Please choose the correct answer.
A. The net run time is greater than the gross run time.
B. The net run time is equal to Zero.
C. The gross and net run times are identical.
D. The net run time is less than the gross run time.
Answer: D
NO.276 What is the default length of the type P data type?
A. 1
B. 8
C. 1-16
Answer: B
NO.277 An internal table line type with a deep or nested structure can be defined for internal tables
with a header line.
A. True
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
49
B. False
Answer: B
NO.278 The target structure of a SELECT statement requires the field names to match the columns
selected and to be in the same left-justified order.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.279 Each component has an interface; of what does this interface consist? Select all that apply.
A. Interface controller
B. Interface view
C. Interface context
Answer: A B
NO.280 Nested source code enhancement allows you to enhance the source code plug-in.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.281 Explain the Enterprise Information System of - SAP HANA Implementation Scenarios?
There are 3 correct answers to this question
A. HANA Accelerators
B. Business Suite on HANA / BW on SAP HANA
C. All HANA Combinations on one platform
D. HANA Modeling
E. All SAP applications on one SAP HANA platform
Answer: A B E
NO.282 Data types store data and occupy memory.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.283 Which of the following steps are required to set up a shared memory area? There are 3
correct answers to this question.
A. Generate an area root class
B. Declare a catalog object
C. Call the attach_for_write method of area root class
D. Set the root object
E. Enable multiple versions of an area root class
Answer: A C D
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
50
NO.284 SAP enhancements for customer exits are managed by which transaction?
A. Transaction SMOD
B. Neither transaction listed here
C. Transaction CMOD
Answer: A
NO.285 Name the views that are available to administer and monitor one or several SAP HANA
systems? There are 2 correct answers to this question
A. The System Monitor view
B. The Administration view
C. The Landscape view
D. The Security view
Answer: A B
NO.286 You can define multiple elements in a single line by defining the element within the block
SELECTION-SCREEN BEGIN OF LINE and SELECTION-SCREEN END OF LINE.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.287 Which of the following rules must you follow when creating subscreens? There are 2 correct
answers to this question.
A. Subscreens CANNOT have a field of type OK.
B. Subscreens can have a dialog module containing SET PF-STATUS.
C. Subscreens can call other subscreens.
D. Subscreens CANNOT have an AT EXIT-COMMAND module.
Answer: A D
NO.288 Which does the field catalog allow you to do? Select all that apply. (S. 503) {3 Richtig}
A. Change the display order of a column
B. Change the title of a column
C. Produce a striped pattern for the display lines
D. Add a field to the display
E. Specify the sort order of the display table
Answer: A B D
NO.289 There are____versions of the ABAP Editor.
A. 2
B. 4
C. 3
Answer: C
NO.290 Which controller types can exist within a Web Dynpro component? There are 3 correct
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
51
answers to this question.
A. Window controller
B. View controller
C. User controller
D. Application controller
E. Component controller
Answer: A B E
NO.291 Which must a search help do? Select all that apply.
A. Determine the values for selection by the user
B. sed from a screen
C. Use a table or a view for data selection
D. Have a dialog with the user
E. Allow the user to select a response
Answer: A B D E
NO.292 The Internet Communication Manager (ICM)...
A. Allows the ABAP stack and the Java stack to exchange data.
B. Allows SAP NetWeaver Application Server to process HTTP requests.
C. Replaced SAP ITS.
Answer: B
NO.293 The FIELD statement does not have any effect in the PBO event block, and it should not be
used in the PBO event block.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.294 If you enter the value "0" or blank ("") as the next screen, then the system resumes
processing from the point at which the screen was initiated, assuming the Next Screen attribute is
overridden dynamically in the program.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.295 The Next Screen attribute can be temporarily overwritten by the set screen statement (that
is, SET SCREEN
200).
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.296 What are the two main methods to add a system to the SAP HANA Studio? There are 2
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
52
correct answers to this question
A. Manually
B. By Importing a Landscape
C. By Resource console
D. Automatically
Answer: A B
NO.297 What are the differences between displaying in a full screen and in a container? Select all
that apply. (S. 503)
{2 Richtig}
A. Only a full-screen ALV allows the use of event handling.
B. The full screen requires Dynpro programming.
C. Only an ALV in a container allows the use of event handling
D. Any type of ALV allows the use of event handling.
E. The only difference is that the container name must be specified when creating the ALV object.
F. The container requires the use of an additional object (a container control).
Answer: D F
NO.298 What does the Refactoring Assistant allow you to do? Select all that apply.
A. Move components between superclasses and subclasses
B. Move between classes and interfaces
C. Rename all occurrences of a method
Answer: A B
NO.299 Buffering data can speed access to data up to 100 times when compared to reading it from
the database.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.300 When does the lifetime of a Web Dynpro component begin and end? Please choose the
correct answer.
A. It ends each time it is called, and it ends when the component completes.
B. It begins when instantiated and it ends when the program ends or the object is freed.
C. It begins the first time it is called at runtime, and it ends with the Web Dynpro application that
called and ^ instantiated the component ends.
D. It begins each time it is called, and it ends when the component completes.
Answer: C
NO.301 Your selection screen can be modified at which event?
A. AT SELECTION-SCREEN OUTPUT
B. AT SELECTION-SCREEN
C. None of the above
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
53
D. AT SELECTION-SCREEN ON <field_name>
Answer: A
NO.302 Which of the following are incorrect statements? Select all that apply.
A. TYPES: carridjy LIKE spfli-s-carrjd.
B. TYPES: werks TYPE C LENGTH 4.
C. TYPES: datejy TYPE D LENGTH 10.
D. TYPES: Str TYPE STRING LENGTH 20.
Answer: C D
NO.303 Which modularization units are global? Select all that apply
A. Function modules
B. Subroutines (FORM routines)
C. Methods within a local class in the program
D. Methods within class pools
Answer: A D
NO.304 Which of the following enhancements calls a customer function module. There are 2 correct
answers to this question.
A. Business Add-in (BADIs)
B. User exit
C. Business Transaction event
D. Customer exit
Answer: A D
NO.305 A replacement object can be defined for a pooled table.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.306 Which statement ends a screen sequence and starts from initial screen? Please choose the
correct answer.
A. SET SCREEN 0
B. CALL SCREEN
C. LEAVE TO SCREEN
D. LEAVE SCREEN
Answer: A
NO.307 To reserve an area on the screen for an ALV Grid Control, you must do the following:
A. Use the Screen Painter
B. Create an object (instantiate the object) of the class CL_GUI_CUSTOM_CONTAINER
C. Create an object (instantiate the object) of the class CL_GUI_ALV_GRID
D. Create an object (instantiate the object) of the class CL_SALV_TABLE
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
54
Answer: A
NO.308 The OCCURS statement is required to define an internal table with a header line.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.309 At most, how many menu items (including functions, separators and submenus) can a menu
have on the screen?
A. 10
B. 20
C. 15
D. None of the above
Answer: C
NO.310 You can modify an internal table by using the UPDATE statement
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.311 The constructor method is called automatically when you create an instance of the class.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.312 In addition to the visible part (the layout), a view also contains a controller and a context
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.313 A watchpoint stops program execution every time the condition specified is met
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.314 It is not possible to test a function module if another function module of the same function
group contains a syntax error.
A. False
B. True
Answer: B
NO.315 You can define a selection screen as a subscreen or tab strip control.
A. True
B. False
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
55
Answer: B
NO.316 You can have only one selection screen for an ABAP program. (S. 436) {1 Richtig}
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.317 What are the declarative statements used to define the selection? Select all that apply.
A. None of the above
B. PARAMETERS
C. SELECT-OPTIONS
D. SELECTION-SCREEN
Answer: B C D
NO.318 The addition NO-INTERVALS for SELECT-OPTIONS will allow only single fields on the
selection screen.
A. True
B. False
Answer: A
NO.319 FORM routines (subroutines) can be used in which program types? Select all that apply
A. Module pools
B. Executables
C. Function groups
D. Class pools
E. Subroutine pools
F. Interface pools
G. Type groups
Answer: A B C E
NO.320 A view can only be displayed in which circumstances? Please choose the correct answer.
A. It has been embedded in a window.
B. It can always be displayed.
C. It cannot always be displayed.
D. It contains an inbound and outbound plug.
Answer: A
NO.321 The Java stack and the ABAP stack of an SAP NetWeaver Application Server must always be
installed together
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
56
NO.322 Declaration of an internal table with a header line can be used in a class implementation.
A. True
B. False
Answer: B
NO.323 Authorizations are handled automatically during access to the database interface to restrict
data access of the user.
A. False
B. True
Answer: A
NO.324 Which of the following is true? Select all that apply. (S. 105) {2 Richtig}
A. The repository objects and cross-client customization objects are recorded in a task belonging to a
local change request if there is no consolidation route leading from the current system defined in the
Transport Management System for the transport layer.
B. The repository objects and the cross-client customization are recorded in a task belonging to the
transportable request if the consolidation route is defined in the Transport Management System.
Answer: A B
NO.325 In the technical settings for a transparent table, buffering is switched on and single record
buffering is selected.
Which statement uses the buffered data assuming that the WHERE clause contains restrictions for all
key fields? Please choose the correct answer.
A. SELECT ... . ENDSELECT.
B. SELECT ... INTO TABLE ... .
C. SELECT SINGLE ... FOR UPDATE.
D. SELECT SINGLE... .
Answer: D
NO.326 In addition to closing the result set, what does the CLOSE method of the
CL_SQL_RESULT_SET class when using ABAP Database Connectivity (ADBC) do? Please choose the
correct answer.
A. Update resources
B. Release resources
C. Update packages
D. Release packages
Answer: B
NO.327 How can Unicode checks be made? Select all that apply. (S. 365) {2 Richtig}
A. Only in a Unicode system or as part of a conversion to a Unicode system
B. In any system (after release 6.10) by specifying the program has Unicode checks active
C. By running Transaction UCCHECK
D. Cannot be enforced
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
57
Answer: B C
NO.328 What are the steps involved in SAP HANA Evolution? There are 3 correct answers to this
question.
A. ABAP can access SAP HANA
B. ABAP can run on SAP HANA
C. ABAP applications on SAP HANA
D. Optimized ABAP on SAP HANA
E. ABAP as accelerator on SAP HANA
Answer: A B D
NO.329 You want to develop a program that processes character type data. When you implement
the program, you can either use the classical string statements or the newer strings expressions and
functions What are the main benefits of using string expressions and string functions? There are 2
correct answers to this question.
A. You can write compact syntax instead of a long sequence of statements
B. You can write code that is very easy to read and understand
C. You can improve the performance significantly
D. You can reduce the number of intermediate variables
Answer: A D
NO.330 What is the difference between a Unicode and non-Unicode program? Select all that apply
A. Offset positioning in a Unicode structure is restricted to flat data objects.
B. Byte-type data objects cannot be assigned to character-type data objects.
C. Offset positioning in a Unicode structure is restricted to character data ^ *-I objects.
D. Byte-type data objects cannot be compared to character-type data objects.
Answer: A B C D
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
58