****

****

****

# 실제 기출





1. Which database objects can you create in the ABAP Dictionary?

  ## 다시보기!!

  abap dictionary 에서 생성 가능한 것은?

  a.foreign key relationship

  ## b.index,

  c.ldb,

  ## d.views

****

  foreign key 를 abap dictionary 에서 지정할 수 있어 relationship 생성도 답으로 골랐으나 어째서인지 답이 아니다.

  반면 index 는 답으로 지정

  foreign key 생성 까지가 abap dictionary 영역인것?

****

  

2. predefined INCOMPLETE abap type (3) – 유사 문제 2개 나옴(32번)

  ## a.x,

  ## b.n,

  c.t,

  ## d.p,

  e.d

  

  

3. which enhancement can provide screen exit (3)

  ## 다시보기!!

  a.explicit enhancement point,
  b.explicit enhancement section,

  ## c.new badi,

  ## d.classic badi,

  ## e.customer exit

  

  

4. how can you read the line in an internal table (3)

  ## 다시보기!!

  ## a.specific line index,

  ## b.specific secondary table key,

  ## c.specific where condition,

  d.specific free table key 
  e. regular expression.

  

  

5. my_class Definition
    public section.
    method do_something.
    events state_change.
    class-methods static1.
    private section.
    types t_table type standard table of t001 with non-unique key.
    constants gc-const type i value 1.
    endclass.
    Which component of of the class can static method static1 access directly? (2)

  ## 다시보기!! 

  a.do_something,

  ## b.gc_constant,

  ## c.t_table,

  d.state_change

****

  STATIC METHOD 에는 **STATIC ATTRIBUTE (CLASS-DATA 로 선언된 것) / CONSTANTS / TYPES** 만 접근 할 수 있다는 걸 기억

****

  

  

6. function of abap dispatcher (3)

  ## 다시보기!!

  ## a.distributes request among wp,

  ## b.saves processing request in the request queue,

  c.it requests data from the database or the buffer ,

  **(DB INRTERFACE 의 기능 역할 )**

  d.it performs the roll in or roll out of user context,

  ROLL IN ROLL OUT 은 D WP 에서 요청을 수행할때 SHARED MEMORY 에 저장된 USER CONTEXT 를 ROLL AREA 로 가져오고 반납하는 과정

  ## e.it integrates the presentation layer 

  

  

7. which of the following can you define in both structure and internal table in abap (2)

  ## 다시보기!!

  ## a.enhancement category,

  b.size category,

  ## c.fk relationship,

  d.storage type

  

  

8. create data object (3)

  ## a.parameters,

  b.types,
  c.class,

  ## d.constant,

  ## e.class-data

  

  

9. You have been asked to review the following expr’s which processes character strings.
    result = find(val = ‘abapABAP’ sub = ‘A’ occ = 2 CASE = ‘X’.....) (1 correct answer)

  a.4
  b.2
  c.1

  ## d.6

  

  

10. You want the develop a processes character type data. When you implement the program, you can either use the classical string statements or the newer string expressions and functions.
    What are the main benefits of using string expressions and string functions?
    Note : There are 2 correct answers to this question.

    a. You can write that is very easy to read and understand .

    b. You can improve the performance significantly .

    ## c. You can reduce the number of intermediate variables .

    ## d. You can write compact syntax instead of long sequence of statements.

    

    

11. dictionary can refer domain(1 correct)
    a. Structure
    b. Table type

    ## c. Data element

    

    

12. What can be defined using an implicit enhancement option?

    ## 다시보기!!

    Note : There are 3 correct answers to this question.
    a. Additional exceptions in SAP function modules.

    b. Replacements for SAP function modules.

    ## c. Additional parameters in SAP function modules.

    ## d. Additional attributes if global SAP classes.

    ## e. Overwritten for global SAP methods.

    

    

13. how is data shared between web dynpro controlled?(1 correct)

    ## a. Using context mapping from view controller to component controller

    b. Data binding from view to another view

    c. Using context mapping from view to another view
    d. Using context mapping from view to custom controller

    

    

14. Which of the following action can you perform for breakpoints(1 correct)

    ## 다시보기!! 뭔지 모르겠다 솔직히

    ## A. breakpoint at statement

    B. watch point variable
    C. create breakpoint special message
    D. break point spe line.

    

    

15. Which addition of parameter statement can be used to input field selected screen on suggested value (2 correct)
    a. Modified

    ## b. Default

    ## c. Value-check

    d. Memory id

    

    

16. What must exist before you can create a new transportable function module?(3) (보기는 더 있었음)

    ## A. Package

    ## B. Functional group

    ## C. Change request

    D.Module pool

    E.Exception class

    

    

17. Which of the following elements can a string template contain?

    ## 다시보기!!

    ## A. Function method calls

    B. Function module calls

    ## C. Literals

    D. String processing statements

    

    

18. What are the advantages of modularization? (3) (문제에 따라 보기가 약간 다름)
    A. Performance

    ## B. Reusability

    C. Profitability across DBMS

    ## D. Maintainability

    ## E. Transparency

    

    

19. What transaction can be used to carry out modification adjustments after a system upgrade?(2) – 약자만도 나오고 풀 네임도 나오니 약자를 외우는 게 좋겠음

    ## 다시보기!!

    ## A. SPAU

    B. SPUA

    ## C. SPDD

    D. SPAD

    

    

20. What abap statemts can you use to create a instance of class CL_GUI_CUSTOM_CONTAINER in an ABAP
    program?(1)(보기가 4개였는데 어쨌든 답은 아래임)

    ## DATA: go_container TYPE REF TO CL_GUI_CUSTOM_CONTAINER.

    ## CREATE OBJECT go_container.

    

    

21. What are the tasks of databse interface? You write a program that updates a data record in the database using the following the statements. :
    UPDATE scar FROM Is_scarr. Which of the following task daes the database interface perform ... (select 2 )

    ## A. It applies a logical lock to the updated data record.

    B. It restrict the access to the log-on clients.

    ## C. It translate the statement to native sql.

    D. It checks the authorization of the current user.

    

    

22. What can be a part of the Signature of the instance constructor contain? (select 2)

    ## 다시보기!!

    A. Changing Parameters

    ## B. Import parameters

    ## C. Export parameters.

    D. Exceptions

    

    

23. which additions to the parameters statement can u use to fill the input field on the selection screen with a suggested value? (보기는 4~5개 되었으나 답은 아래임)

    ## DEFAULT

    ****

    EX: parameters p1 type i DEFAULT 10.

    PARAMETER / SELECT-OPTION 은 DEFAULT

    DATA / CONSTANT 는 VALUE 비교하여 기억하자

    ****

    

    

24. The code of an executable program does not contain any event keywords what event block does the code belong to?
    A. INITIALIZATION

    B. AT SELECTION SCREEN

    ## C. START OF SELECTION

    D. LOAD OF PROGRAM

    

    

25. Field symbol assigned to a character.
    Which of the following Generic types can you use to define a field symbol that will be assigned to a character string? (select 3)
    A. Type Xsequence

    ## B. Type Clike

    C. Type any Table

    ## D. Type any

    ## E. Type csequence

    

    

26. Advantages of Open SQL? (select 2)

    ## 다시보기!!

    ## A. It can be used with any DBMS

    ## B. All standard SQL commands can be used

    C Syntax is checked at designed time

    

    

27. You created a class by inheriting from a super class. The super class contains a public instance method do_something you want to redefine the method? 

    (보기 여러 개나 답은 아래임, 1개만 고르라고 하기도 하고, 2개
    고르라고 하기도함, 1개는 a만 나왔음)

    ## 다시보기!!

    ## a. Signature cannot be changed.

    ## b. Has to be redefine in same visibility.

    

    

28. What processes can we set when you run the code inspector?(options were somewhat different then these)(3)
    A. Background job

    ## B. Check variant

    ## C. Object set name

    D. Work process name

    ## E. Inspection name.

    

    

29. What type of method is generated automatically when you assign an action to a button UI element?
    OR 

    What type of method is generated by WD explorer when you assign an action to a button UI element?(question was somewhat the same but not exactly same words were used as given above but the meaning could be depicted
    to be the same)

    ## A. EVENT handler

    B. Supply function
    C. Ordinary methods.
    D. Standard hook methods

    

    

30. You write a report that displays mass data in a table. You decide to use tha ALV Grid control (Class CL_GUI_ALV_GRID) instead of a classical list display with write statements. Which of the following functions can you offer to the user without doing any specific programming.(2)

    ## A. Sort and filter the data by any column.

    B. Display details by double-clicking on a row.
    C. Convert currency amount columns.

    ## D. Change column width and sequence.

    

    

31. In which of the following source code block can you define local data objects? (select 3) –보기 더 있었으나 답은 아래임

    ## A. Static method

    ## B. Subroutine

    ## C Function module

    

    

32. Which data types are incomplete ABAP standard data types? 보기 더 있었으나 답은 아래임(주관식 아님)

    C, N, X, P

    

    

33. You need to create a piece of code that can be used by multiple programs. which of the following techniques for modularization does SAP recommend?(2)

    ## A. A Method in a global interface.(class was replaced by interface)

    ## B. A function module in a function module.

    C. A method in a local class
    D. A Subroutine in a program

    

    

34. In Which order you implement a new Badi?(1) 보기 더 있었으나 답은 아래임(주관식 아님)

    ## 다시보기!!

    ## Enhancement spot Implementation

    ## => BADI Implementation

    

    

35. What are the Components of SAP Netweaver AS ABAP 7.1x and higher?(2)

    ## 다시보기!!

    ## 책 참조해보기!!!!!!!!!!

    ## A. ICM

    ## B. MESSAGE SERVER

    C. SAP GUI FOR JAVA
    D. Work Process

    

    

36. How will you search for a classical badi in a program?(2)

    ## 다시보기!!

    A. Search the repository information system and chose enhancement--. Customar exits.

    ## B. Search for suitable entries in the relevant componant in the implementation guide (IMG).

    C. use the sap menue tools--. ABAP work bench --. Development --. buiness object builder.

    ## D. Search in application program for the method GET_INSTANCE of class CL_EXITHANDELER.

    

    

37. You have been asked to a customer to develop open SQL code to convert the value of argument “arg” into the ABAP Dictionary specified.
    A. CAST ( arg FOR type)
    B. CASTING (arg AS type)

    ## C. CAST(arg AS type)

    D. CASTING (arg FOR type)

    

    

38. Which of the following you can assign a search help.(3)

    ## A. Structure component.

    B. Table type.

    ## C. Check table.

    D. Domain.

    ## E. Data element.

    

    

39. PROCESS AFTER INPUT
    FIELD A MODULE check_A
    FIELD A MODULE check_B
    CHAIN.
    FIELD:C,D
    MODULE check_CD
    ENDCHAIN
    FIELD:C,B.
    MODULE check_CB
    ENDCHAIN
    What happens if the application senda a type E message during the check_CB module processing? What happens
    if the application sends a type E message during the check_CB module processing?

    A. The screen is display again and the PBO flow logic is processed. only field B and C are ready for input.

    ## B. The screen is display again without processing PBO flow logic. only fields B and C are ready for input.

    C. The screen is display again without processing PBO flow logic. All fields are ready for input.

    

    

40. what are the standard hook methods?
    OR
    Standard hook methods in webdynpro called at Runtime ? (Select 2) 보기 더 있었으나 답은 아래임(주관식 아님)

    ## A. WDDOINIT

    ## B. WDDOEXIT

    

    

41. Static constructor rules?(3)

    (not directly asked as the same but was related to static constructor)

    ## 다시보기!!

    ## A. You CANNOT use parameters.

    ## B. You can ONLY define static constructors in the public section

    ## C. You must name the method CLASS_CONSTRUCTOR

    D. You can use ONLY importing parameters or exceptions
    E. You must name the method CONSTRUCTOR

    

    

42. Your program uses the class CL_GUI_ALV_GRID to generate a classic ALV Grid Control what do you need in your program to react to a double clicking a row in the ALV Grid?(3)
    (there was an option somewhat the same as last one with the word double-click event)
    A. A method call to refresh the display

    ## B. A handler class

    ## C. A SET HANDLER statement to register the handler to the event.

    D. A method call to create the event handler.

    ## E. A handler method for the double-click event.

    

    

43. What are new features of open SQL 7.5?(2)
    A. Full join

    ## B. Case expression

    ## C. String expression

    D. Intersections

    

    

44. What are the things that enhancements spot will manage? (3 selection)

    ## 다시보기!!

    A. Classic BADIs

    ## B. Explicit enhancement points

    C. Implicit enhancement points

    ## D. Explicit enhancement sections.

    ## E. New BADIs.

    

    

45. Exporting parameter named PARAM1.
    You enhance an sap standard global class by defining a post method for an sap method. The original sap method has an EXPORT parameter named PARAM1. what parameter does the post-method have
    A. An EXPORT parameter named PARAM1.

    ## B. A CHANGING parameter named PARAM1.

    C. AN IMPORT parameter named PARAM1.
    D. A RETURNING parameter named PARAM1.

    

    

46. You call a lock module which exceptions could the lock module raise when a logical lock CANNOT be set?
    보기 더 있었으나 답은 아래임(주관식 아님)

    ## 다시보기!!

    • FOREIGN_LOCK
    • SYSTEM_FAILURE

    

    

47. In which event block can you overwrite the default value of a parameter field on the selection screen?\

    보기 더 있었으나 답은 아래임(주관식 아님)

    ## INITIALIZATION

    

    

48. What must you do to create a singleton class? (2 select)

    ## 다시보기!! 

    ## A. set the class instantiation to private.

    ## B. Instantiate the class in a static method of class itself.

    C. Define the class as abstract.

    D. Define the class as final.

    

    

49. Which of the elementary data types is deep?
    A. DECFLOAT34
    B. N
    C. X

    ## D. STRING

    

    

50. How data types can be used throughout the system?
    A. In a Method
    B. In a function module

    ## C. In the ABAP dictionary.

    ## D. In a global class(+interface)

    

    

51. You build a dialog screen with an input field in an ABAP program.
    How do you ensure that the contents of the screen field can be accessed in the program?
    A. Use a MOVE statement in a PAI module to copy the data to a data object
    B. Use the GET statement in the program to transport the data from the screen field
    C. Enter the name of a data object in the Parameter ID attribute of the screen field

    ## D. Define a data object in the program with the same name as the screen field

    

    

52. A user runs an ABAP program enters an incorrect value on a selection screen and chooses executes which event block must send the error message in order to display the selection screen again?

    ## A. At Selection screen + message E

    

    

53. Which tables could be use in this code(3) 문제에 index 1로 리드하는 코드가 주어짐, 보기 더 있었으나 답은 아래임(주관식 아님)

    ## sorted table

    ## index table

    ## standard table.

    

    

54. A customer has asked that you improve performance for a small table with frequency read access. What buffering
    do you recommend?

    ## A. FULL

    B. PRIMARY KEY
    C. GENERIC
    D. SINGLE COLUMN

    

    

55. Advantages of defining text symbols in executable programs? (select 2)

    ## A. They facilitate multilingual functionality

    B. The same text symbol can be used by other program

    ## C. They are easier to maintain than literals

    D. They can store up to 256 characters.

    

    

56. You want to loop over an itab without copying each table row to a workarea. How can you achieve this using a field symbol?

    ## LOOP AT ITAB ASSIGINING <FS>

    

    

57. (A class is given) Super class definition is given From which components can be addressed directly from a subclass CLASS lcl_airplane?(this was given in the form of program but answers are same)

    ## 다시보기!!

    ## PUBLIC, PROTECTED 존에 있는 내역 고르면 됨(클래스 구조가 주어짐)

    

    

58. HOW do you create lock objects and lock modules for use the ABAP program that access the database?

    ## A. Use the ABAP dictionary to crate the lock objects. The lock modules are created automatically.

    

    

59. where can you defined data types that can be used throughout the system.
    A. in method

    ## B. in global CLASS

    ## C. in abap dictionary

    D. in functional module

    

    

60. You are asked to enhanced the GUI status of an Standard application. How do you identify which menu exit function can you use? (select 1)

    ## A. It starts with a plus (+)

    B. It starts with an ampersand (&)
    C. Is starts with an asterisk(*)
    D. It starts with a dollar($)

    

    

61. You have created ZTAB and you want to create a forign key relationship to table SAPTAB . Under which condition is this possible ?(question was same but words were somewhat elaborated and even the answers )

    ## 다시보기!!

    ## Both table fields should have same domain.

    

    

62. Which of the following can you perform in both ABAP editor and ABAP debugger?(related to breakpoint) (1)

    ## A. Breakpoint

    B. Watchpoint
    C. Both breakpoint and watchpoint

    

    

63. Purpose of Enqueue process?(context of the question is same but questions and answers in different format)

    ## LOCK MANAGEMENT

    

    

64. For which of the following purposes can you use the ABAP dictionary?
    There are 2 correct answers to this question.
    A. To create development classes

    ## B. To activate logging for transparent tables

    ## C. To create lock objects

    D. To maintain program translations

    

    

65. You have created the following repository objects :

    * A class with and an event definition.
    * A handler class with a method ON_EVT which handles this event.
    * A report that instiates the handler class.

    The report does not react to the event .
    How do you analyze this issue?
    Note : There are 3 correct answers to this question.

    ## A. Check if the handler method is registered .

    B. Check if the handler method ON_EVT is defined in a subroutine

    ## C. Check if the implementation of the handler method ON_EVT contains the correct logic.

    ## D. Check if the event triggered by setting a breakpoint at the RAISE EVENT statement.

    E. Check if the event is triggered by setting a breakpoint at the MESSAGE…..RAISING statement.

    

    

67. What is data binding?
    A. Connecting an outbound plug of one view to the inbound plug of another view.
    B. Connecting one Web Dynpro component to another Web Dynpro component.
    C. Connecting a context node in one controller to a context node in another controller.

    ## D. Connecting the values of user interface elements to the context attributes of the corresponding controller.

    

    

68. You are making changes to a program that already has a transaction code linked to it. Your colleague is testing the transaction in your development system.
    At point can the changed version of the program be tested?(1)
    A. When you save the program.

    ## B. When you activate the program.

    C. When you perform a syntax check on the program.

    

    

69. After which statement will the runtime system initialize the ABAP memory?

    ## A. LEAVE TO TRANSACTION

    B. SUBMIT

    C. CALL TRANSACTION

    D. SUBMIT….AND RETURN

    

    

70. You are writing an ABAP declaration using the data element S_CARR_ID.
    Which of the following statements correctly define a data object?(2)
    Note : There are 2 correct answers to this question .
    A. DATA gv_id TYPE s_carr_id DEFAULT’QF’.
    B. DATA gv_id LIKE s_carr_id.

    ## C. DATA gv_id TYPE s_carr_id.

    ## D. CONSTANTS gc_qf TYPE s_carr_id VALUE’QF'

    

    

71. What do you need to consider when creating a secondary index on a table?
    Note : There are 2 correct answers to this question .

    ## A. The most frequently selected fields should be at the first positions in the index.

    B. The table will be updated more quickly if you create more indexes.

    ## C. The index can be created for specific database systems only.

    D. The index must always be unique.

    답이 A, B로 나와있는데 아무리 생각해 봐도 A,C 가 답인것 같다

    

    

72. An ABAP program processes the following expression r = a/ b + c.
    Which of the following data declarations would cause the runtime environment to use fixed-point
    arithmetic for the above expression.(options were changed only with data type but r & c must have the
    same data type so choose that one and a & b are same as given)
    Note : There are 2 correct answers to this question.
    A. Data : r TYPE F,
    a TYPE I VALUE 201.
    b TYPE I VALUE 200.
    c TYPE f.
    B. DATA: r TYPE p DECIMALS 2,
    a TYPE i VALUE 201,
    b TYPE i VALUE 200,
    c TYPE f.
    C. DATA r TYPE p DECIMALS 2.
    a TYPE i VALUE 201,
    b TYPE i VALUE 200.
    c TYPE P.
    D. DATA : r type p,
    a TYPE i VALUE 201,
    b TYPE i VALUE 200,
    c TYPE i.

73. You define a database view A and a Maintenance view B in the ABAP dictionary.
    What restrictions apply to these views ?
    Note : There are 2 correct answers to this question.
    A. Only B can hav either a left outer join or an inner join.
    B. The tables joined in B must have foreign key relationships.
    C. Only A can be used in the FROM clause of a SELECT statement.
    D. The tables joined in A must have foreign key relationships.

74. You have to overwrite spaces in a string with the letter ‘A ‘.
    Which of the following statements can you use?
    Note : There are 3 correct answers to this question.
    A. REPLACE
    B. SHIFT LEFT
    C. OVERLAY
    D. TRANSLATE
    E. CONDENSE

75. You write the following ABAP statement:
    SELECT SINGLE carrid connid cityfrom cityto
    FROm spfli
    INTO gs_spfli
    WHERE carrid = pa_car
    AND connid = pa_con.
    How are the fields in the field list of the SELECT statement copied to the target structure gs_spfli?
    A. They are copied from left to right.
    B. They are copied to fields with the same name.
    C. They are copied to fields with same type.
    D. They are copied from right to left.

76. How do you discard update requests? (3 Options)
    A. Message type A
    B. Message type E
    C. Message type W
    D. Message type X
    E. Rollback work

77. What type of ABAP Dictionary view is implemented as an INNER JOIN?
    Please choose the correct answer.
    A. Database view
    B. Projection view
    C. Help view
    D. Maintenance view

78. Which of the following program types can contain screens?
    There are 3 correct answers to this question
    Response:
    A. Interface pools
    B. Module pools
    C. Executable programs
    D. Function groups
    E. Class pools

79. Where are fixed values for fields stored?
    Please choose the correct answer.
    Response:
    A. Table
    B. Structure
    C. Field
    D. Data element
    E. Domain

80. In a subclass, you want to redefine a method of the super class. Which of the following conditions must be
    fulfilled? (2)
    A. The subclass method has a lower visibility than the super class method
    B. The super class method is abstract
    C. The superclass method is an instance method
    D. The subclass method has same visibility as the super class method

81. You implemented a subclass that inherits the instance constructor from it superclass What can you do with the
    inherited constructor? (2)
    A. Create several implementations
    B. Change the name
    C. Change the signature
    D. Redefine the implementation

82. You run an executable program which contains the following code:
    DATA: gv_var1 TYPE n LENGTH 3,
    Gv_var2 TYPE n LENGTH 3 VALUE '456'.
    START-OF-SELECTION
    CLEAR gv_var2
    Gv_var2 = gv_var1.
    Gv_var1 = '123'.
    At what point does the system reserve memory for the data object gv_var1?
    Please choose the correct answer.
    Response:
    A. When the value '123' is assigned to the data object
    B. At the beginning of the START-OF-SELECTION event block
    C. When the assignment to gv_var2 is executed
    D. As soon as the program is loaded into thie internal session

83. What is the result of the following arithmetic operation?
    DATA: int TYPE I
    int = 5 /10
    A. 0
    B. 5
    C. 1

84. What is the result of the following arithmetic operation?
    DATA: int TYPE I
    int = 5 * ( 3 /10 )
    A. 1
    B. 2
    C. 1.5
    D. 0

85. A function module that has 2 classical exceptions is called with actual parameter values in such a way that both
    exception conditions are fulfilled. How will the runtime system behave?
    A. Both exceptions will be raised. In the calling program, sy-subrc has the value specified for the second except on.
    B. Both exceptions will be raised. In the calling program, sy-subrc has the value specified for the OTHERS option.
    C. No exception will be raised. In the calling program, sy-subrc has the value specified for the OTHERS option.
    D. The first exception that occurs will be raised. In the calling program, sy-subrc has the value specified for the first
    exception.

86. Which steps are needed when implementing the singleton concept for class instantiation with minimum coding?
    There are 3 correct answers to this question. Response:
    A. Define the instantiation of the class as private.
    B. Create an instance of the class in a static constructor.
    C. Define the class as abstract.
    D. Save the instance of the class in a static attribute.
    E. Create an event that returns the instance of the class.

87. What is unique about a singleton? Select all that apply
D. It must be defined as FINAL
G. It must be instantiated using a static private constructor